Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/commands/untaint.mdx

---
page_title: terraform untaint command reference
description: |-

>   The `terraform untaint` command removes the `tainted` status from infrastructure objects tracked in the Terraform state data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `terraform untaint` command removes the `tainted` market from infrastructure objects tracked in Terraform state.
```
